I see darkness where there was light.
I find fear where there was joy.
The coldness shakes my body,
and I’m running out of air.
I’ve never felt this way before.
Sometimes my own head is the worst place to be.
I can only hear my own thoughts
and while I’m not necessarily sad,
I just feel really empty.
Time has no meaning,
yet makes me feel lost,
so I don’t know where to go in this paralyzing world.
I’m confused and scared of falling into the unknown,
though I’ve been holding on for so long.
I’m finally drowned in my deepest thoughts to eventually realize that,
though I used to think I wanted to disappear,
all I ever wanted was to disconnect.
Since everything changed,
I‘ve found a place to breathe.
I've started looking at things in another way,
trying to break the repeating habits.
While the world was asleep,
I was standing cowardly thinking
what could've been but never ever would be
Then, something deep inside me,
made me realize I wasn’t doing what I really longed for.
Was I an autonomous thinker,
or were my thoughts controlled by something else?
There was a constant pressure over me,
everyone else trying to know me better than I did myself.
Now I question
whether it was to improve my life or to take advantage of me.
Everything I did was constantly on a scale of one to ten,
making me feel really obsessed,
taking away my free will.
I was chained by monotony,
trapped in a system where time was collapsed
and no one even bothered to think.
But why did I feel so good doing the unexpected?
Actions always have their own consequences,
sometimes good, sometimes bad.
The latter for some people can be a permanent state,
but for others can be transitory to get to a better place.
Loneliness is always seen as a terrible emotion,
but for me it was the price to escape from society
and achieve my goal.
That's why I finally decided to delete myself and disappear.
Since I’ve been gone I’ve never felt so free.
I finally have the freedom to choose,
which I’ve been waiting for all this time.
Yet now, that nothing tells me who I must be,
I’m lost finding myself, constantly asking myself,
who am I now that I’m really me?